hi you guys it's me man i feel like i
have been extremely m.i.a on youtube i
was looking at my youtube channel this
morning and i noticed that my last video
that i added was sometime in late
September it was almost a month before i
posted a recent video and the video that
i even posted earlier today was actually
a recorded video from earlier this
summer that I'd never had a chance to
upload so that's assuming really counts
so I had to come to you guys today um
just to chat with you um I was looking
at some of my recent videos and I was
noticing that a lot of them were
tutorials and I wasn't even speaking in
any of them and I just missed talking to
you guys so I just wanted to give you a
little update what's going on over here
so I hope you don't mind listening to me
talk no tutorials today anyways um
things have been going really well I've
been seeing extremely busy with school
which is why I haven't had a lot of new
videos or updated blog post so thank you
guys for bearing with me and for those
of you who actually sent me messages
just to check up on me see what was
going on in my world I really appreciate
it but school is going very well um for
those of you who are relatively new to
my channel I'm actually working on my
PhD materials engineering right now and
this is actually my third year in the
program now so things are going very
well I'm learning a lot can't complain
and besides that um kind of related to
school i'm actually on an internship
right now which has taken me out to the
midwest temporarily and this is really
my first time being out here in the
midwest past a weekend so it's it's
taken some getting used to the weather
is a bit different from down south but
no i can't complain with that either on
the colors the fall colors are really
beautiful right now out here and the
fresh air really good it's nice to drive
by on the highway and see plenty of corn
fields and farms drastic change of
scenery room where it came from
but it's all good everything's well I
really really can't complain so while
I've been out here in the Midwest I
actually had a chance to go to the
Cleveland natural hair care Expo that
was several weeks ago I definitely had a
great time needing you know my natural
hair ladies in Ohio some my YouTube
subbies and then of course seeing
different vendors that came up for that
event and if you remember my Facebook
fan page you'll see that i posted an
album having know all those pictures in
there from sunday they had on both
saturday and sunday but i only won it
for sunday so other than that I've been
getting a lot of emails asking me you
know when you're going to do a length
check on youtube and to be honest I
haven't done one in several months I
really don't even remember the last time
i did one on youtube so I figured I'd
just throw that in with everything else
in this video so let's see pulling my
hair from the front here's really coyly
right now um it's like right below my
lip in the front with my bottom lip and
see pulling from the side you can see a
while actually got the book it is a bit
past my collarbone and just pulling it
out from the side here I just extend it
out it's like yeah right there so that
is my length check and for those of you
who are new to my channel sorry for the
creaky door anyways I've been natural
for about a year and a couple months now
I did my big chop july two thousand nine
so yeah almost a year and three months
actually yeah a year in three months for
sure um but yeah besides that I know
some of your going to ask how I'm
wearing my hair right now this is
actually a wash and go probably my last
wash and go for a while since it's
getting cold and I
beat my head off washing my hair every
day so that also brings me to point that
I know also a lot of you and send me
messages and emails about you know when
am I going to share tips for winter hair
care when we to share my regimen and to
be honest last year this time my hair
was extremely short I had a very small
TWA and taking care of my hair then was
very different from I'm trying to take
care of it now so I haven't even really
established my own strong regimen for
this winter because i'm learning that
some of the stuff that i did when i had
a TWA is really not working out from you
right now so i figured once i get that
squared away I will be happy to share
that with you guys but in the meantime
I'm just going to make sure i have my
stuff together before i try and start
sharing anything with you all anyways
this is a really random video a lot of
stuff here and there but I just felt
like I wanted to update you guys and
just talk and not to do ya can't even
talk in this video and not do a tutorial
for once wow I really can't speak I'm
very tired as well anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed my random update and I hope
you guys have a wonderful week and I'll
turns you later